fix: [UIE-8684] - Advanced Config fix: drawer, validation (#12006)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-12006-fixed-1744289649305.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> dropdown autofill not working, error message persisting after reopening drawer, no validation for empty default_time_zone, API errors not displayed next to relevant fields ([#12006](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12006))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DBaaS: Fixed dropdown autofill, error persistence on drawer reopen, missing validation for default_time_zone, and improved API error field mapping.([#12006](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12006))
```
